# Google-Play-Store-Optimization
For this report we are working with data scrapped directly from the Google Play store. This data is available from Kaggle, courtesy of Gurugram, Haryana [3]. The data comes in the form of 9660 unique observations, with 10 features for each observation.  Installs have the interesting property of not being an exact number, but rather a series of ranges, making the data categorical rather than quantitative. Exploratory analysis can be found in the ‘EDA’ section of our supplementary material. In order to analyze the most important factors for the success of an app, we fit a simple linear regression model to identify factors that significantly impact both app type and rating. This model assumes the presuppositions for linear regression, which are: a linear relationship among 3 variables, multivariate normality, minimal collinearity, and homoscedasticity. Confidence intervals are generated for each predictor to get a sense for how accurately we predict the significance of a predictor to be. The bulk of our report comes in the form of classification models, for which we have four: K-Nearest Neighbors, Random Forest, Support Vector Machine, and Neural Net. These models are used to classify the following for new data that contains all features except explicitly categorical features, and the ones being classified: Rating, Installs, Category, and Content Rating. The purpose of including these models is to determine the most accurate model for classification. Accurate classification of Rating and Installs allows for the prediction of app success, whereas accurate classification of Category and Content Rating allow for more appropriate placement within the app store. For each type of classification model, we chose to stay away from explicitly categorical input variables, as the four models mentioned have difficulty working with categorical variables.
